well back guys I just did two scoops of
the beast mode and I must say excellent
pre workout guys excellent oh my god I
was literally in there for two hours and
I didn't want to be but it's like it
told me I had to be forgiving to give me
two hours you're gonna give me an hour
scoop that's what this thing did to me
today I mean I ran out of stuff to do I
mean I was doing arms today basically
biceps a little bit of tries get this
one try the other day so I didn't hit
him as hard as I normally would but I
couldn't I was like what the hell else
am I gonna do here and then did this I
did the pulley to the cable did the curl
did the preacher curls and did the
stand-up barbell curl oh my god then can
you give me something else but no she
wouldn't let me leave it wouldn't let me
leave guys I mean energy the focus is
intense man I mean like I said I went
the other day and use this stuff for
deadlift and I was literally talking to
myself in the mirror because the folk I
didn't see anybody else I didn't even
hear anything I thought was just I was
tunnel man it was the focus is
definitely great with this pre workout I
mean if you don't feel the focus factor
on this I don't know I don't know you
just might want to look at a whole bunch
of ass one but i can tell you from me
it's like you're in there for one reason
to bust ass kick ass and you know not
even leave you because this stuff
literally i did abs today I got into
cardio for about at least 20 minutes
because I just had no desire to go
anywhere I didn't have any time
constraints today so I said I'm going to
fill this whole thing out and it gave me
everything I said it would on here the
pump wasn't great it wasn't you know
ripped Aaron but I could see veins in my
arms guys that I never saw before so
obviously there was some pump factor
there and the guy next to me he was
looking at me like shit are you going to
take a break cuz i was literally as soon
as i drop the weight i would go do
something else and come right back and
do another set that the rest time is is
is there a rest time with this stuff
because I really didn't feel it I mean
it was just constant working out
constant I mean I felt like the first
hour I wasn't even remotely tired i
looked at the clock one time and I was
like it's only four I feel like I've
been here 20 minutes and I was just
fully energized man stuff is good it's
real good like I said the price is kind
of steep where I got it from them I want
to look around for sure but this guy two
guys this is a great pre-workout no side
effects no headaches and crazy sweats no
heart palps that was good a clean energy
focus I don't know about the density the
mass density blend I don't know about
that yet because i am using their
creatine as well so i know that works so
beast got to say guys yall gotta got
some good products coming down on the
price just a little bit slow the ninety
percent can afford it so we'll see y'all
next time appreciate y'all watching all
the new subscribers and i apologize for
not getting back to y'all sooner about
this but check it out